Guys, I stayed up all night
making this amazing video
and I wanted to share it
with my closest friends.
-Oh, wonderful.
-Well, share away, bro.
Somebody's flexing
their creative muscles.
Why not?
ROBIN: Cyborg.
You know him as a superhero.
Aw, you made
a video about me?
Quiet.
ROBIN: But did you
also know that Cyborg
is also a gigantic jerk?
No, I did not know that.
Just look at what
the security cameras
caught him saying
about his best friend
Beast Boy.
Dude, I think Beast Boy's
super lame and so annoying.
Ah!
Cyborg, how could you?
What? I never said...
That was taken out of context.
And if you think that's bad,
just look what we
caught Beast Boy saying.
Yeah, bro. Cyborg is gross
and stupid and super weird.
What?
You really
think I'm super weird?
Guys, obviously he just
edited those clips together
to make you look bad.
You're the one who's annoying!
I'm not the one who's gross,
not me!
Okay, okay, you're gonna
miss the best part.
This election, vote for
a leader whose not afraid
to tell you the hard truth.
Vote for Robin.
This message was paid
for by the Teen Titans
and endorsed by Robin.
The views expressed
may or may not be accurate.
Any resemblances
to real persons
is purely coincidental.
Oh, that was very
well made, Robin.
What was all that about?
The election for team leader
is coming up.
And I'm ready to do whatever
it takes to win.
But I'm not even
running against you.
No one is.
Exactly. I crush my opponents
even before they start.
How do you think
George Washington
became the first President?
By inspiring a country
with is military leadership
and humility?
That's lame.
I would have been
a better President
than that doofus.
Do we even vote
for team leader?
Don't you remember last year?
One vote for Robin.
Oh, and no one else voted.
That makes it official.
Robin is reelected
as team leader.
Congratulations, Robin.
(IMITATING CROWD WHOOPING
AND CHEERING)
Thank you, thank you.
It is an honor.
You're going to do great,
you handsome little man.
I'm expecting another
landslide victory.
So, you losers better
not even think about
running against me.
Can I count on your vote?
Whoo! Whoo!
Titans, go!
Friends, look.
The television
is speaking of us.
Breaking news.
The Teen Titans save
the day again
and it's all caught on video.
Oh, this must be
from my epic victory against
the H.I.V.E. yesterday.
Your victory?
We were all there.
Funny.
That's not how I remember it.
Let's just watch
the video I provided
the local news station.
Really, bro?
How could you?
Yes, Robin, how could
you keep your four amazing
quadruplet brothers a secret
for all of these years?
I wish to meet the one
with the physique
similar to mine.
No. How could you
take credit for our work?
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
But I think we can all agree
the video proves
I would make the best leader.
He has finally gone too far.
Someone needs to talk
some sense into him.
And I know exactly who.
Hey, what's up guys?
Robin, we feel you have
lost the vision of what
is most important in a leader.
So, I used a time machine
to bring one of history's
greatest leaders here
to remind you what
leadership is all about.
(MY COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE
PLAYING)
It is a pleasure
to make your acquaintance.
Whoa, George Washington?
The one and only.
Dude, who's that old lady?
Show some respect.
I think it's the grandma
who's on the back
of the dollar bill.
Oh, Money Grandma.
She's rad.
Being a true leader, Robin,
is like being a gardener.
You must tend to your friends
like you might
a small sapling.
For only by working together
towards a common goal
can a true team
with the strength
of a mighty oak be formed.
I think I understand.
You want to run
for team leader against me?
-I will ruin you, Washington.
Robin, you misunderstand.
-He merely...
-Such insolence!
Alright, you little Red Coat.
If you want to test my mettle,
you shall find me ready
to deliver a quality
trashing indeed.
Bring it on!
-I will bring it on.
-Take that, Georgie Porgie.
-Stop it.
-Stop it. Stop it now.
-Oh, you're still
with the old school.
BEAST BOY & CYBORG:
Fight! Fight, Fight!
Fight! Fight!
Was this your plan, Raven?
More or less.
(PUNCHES LANDING
& CRASHING)
You get him, Money Grandma!
My brave friends,
together we can form
a more perfect team.
A group brought together
by discipline
to stop evil in its tracks
and truly earn the name Titan.
-Preach to us, Money Grandma!
-You've got this,
Money Grandma.
It has been said
of my opponent
that he cannot tell a lie.
Guilty as charged.
Earlier today,
did you not ask,
"do you smell that?"
in regards
to a noxious odor?
I recall that, yes.
Yes, okay.
Then I ask you,
good sir,
where you not in fact
responsible for that odor?
I... Well, you see,
here's the thing.
You are evading.
No. No.
It's just that...
Answer the question,
President Washington!
Yes!
Yes, it's true. I farted.
I smelt it and it
was I who dealt it.
I rest my case.
One vote for Washington.
One vote for Robin.
-It's a tie.
You guys didn't vote?
-No.
-Of course not.
I'm not into politics.
Then how shall we
break the tie?
There's only one way
to settle this, Washington.
BOTH: Fisticuffs!
And the winner
will lead the Titans.
Robin, you can't fight
George Washington.
Yeah, you leave
that sweet, old woman alone.
Not a chance.
I've cut down more
than cherry trees
with this ax, child.
By the power of America!
I have the power!
Freedom shield!
Money Grandma
ain't messing around, yo!
Liberty punch!
Monument bash!
Do you yield?
I yield.
Good lad.
Are you the okay, Robin?
I see now I was wrong.
I wanted to win this election
so badly I forgot what being
a true leader really means.
So, effective immediately,
George Washington
is the leader
of the Teen Titans.
ROBIN: Sorry, guys.
I'm sorry you won't be
around to see me become
the greatest leader ever!
Robin, what are you doing?
You can read about it
in the history books.
Guys, look!
-He didn't.
-He did.
MAN: After defeating
the British with his
sweet Kung Fu moves,
Robin became
the first President
of the United States.
Was this also a part
of the plan, Raven?
More or less.